what's up then guys this is AI tech 63
once again and today we are going to be
working on at a brief flash and we are
going to be creating a intro what web
intro or vigilant read as you just put
preview just for started talking so the
first thing what we'll need to do is get
your internet browser there are a few
browsers do not let you not let you do
this due to faculty cannot get the page
source up but google chrome definitely
does it and it's what it's probably my
favorite web browser of oh its first of
all type into google him template
monster and just click on the first one
when you get to this page just go to
flash intro templates and rotor first
ones do not begin the actual ones you
can use to not begin until page to write
down at the bottom there ra CA you can
use i've used this will hear costs
hundred and seven pounds but i should
say some of them you have to find a the
video the actual page that has the click
here for preview because on the newer
ones the more expensive ones as well as
i will show you here it automatically
comes up with the preview box so that's
why you cannot do so now if i go to page
four
i think i'm greedy and I like saying
this one this one has a click here for
preview what you have to do is first of
all is if you click on it preview box
prepares this is the actual video what
that you want so now all you do is copy
the link up here at the top so if you
just copy it and you can close that now
paste it into your web browser but don't
hit enter or go or what you have to do
is take off the HTML and replace it with
swf as consistent video now so all we
need to do is go to on here on google
chrome you just click on this little app
button here we go to save page as i'm
just going to save it into my flash
older just call it
cool one and now we can just say that
okay next thing we're going to need is
get rid of this let's go back to my
Dingle well actually I typed up it is
swf the compiler I all this does is
converts swf files into flash files so
you need a baby flash for this you can
download it free download for flash is
in description and along with all the
links that you will need and here it is
is my flashes opened up so you need an
ActionScript to file and get fit it in
my window and now we're going to open up
our swf decompiler
um continue don't need to insert key
because I think the last level anyway so
now we need to do up here it says quick
open you find your swf file and it sits
here and now over here watch these
resources or you can do up here I just
just click export f WM f dump em a and
export it to the place you want and okay
okay and it's ice cream ceiling time
bars down here progress bar
I'm just go cause the video and I'll
back short okay so in the back now I can
close my swf decompiler and open up my
bash folder where my video is safe here
this it's alone this somewhere tutorial
14 FL a now we can drag it into our
flash bringing thrash sometimes will
take a minute or two um wait a second or
you can go to switch this little pause
the video once again to wait for and it
should come up with this hopefully if
that does not appear and you can go to
file if you can't get that way k file
import import to stage or import video
and bring Maya all right now down here
if you click on library you can see all
of the parts here so you could just keep
going down up here so the little preview
part of what vitamins don't really want
any buttons if you're leaving it is
Millie a file that's one the dancing the
delay oh my god all vines
and works said we up
oh so oh that's really all you need to
do is keep doing this delete everything
you do not want all the text change the
tax not believe it but if I show you
where the text is and Ibaka
there is one sound usually that I think
it's this one sorry about this sound
much y ver it's nice to be up there but
so now my space it click just change
your pets as you can see if I scroll
down keep going down there is lazy
different apps you can change um so if
you have any questions just post a
comment email me at itec got up at
live.com aight x64 it live calm and
subscribe please if you want and russet
now see you next time children